Fixed #37141 -- Added --using option to sendtestemail command. (#21419)
django/django: docs/ref/django-admin.txt

>     django-admin sendtestemail foo@example.com bar@example.com
> 
> .. django-admin-option:: --using ALIAS
> 
> Specifies the :setting:`MAILERS` alias to use for sending the test email to
> the recipients given as arguments. Defaults to the ``"default"`` mailer.

Reviewer: (Sorry, one more comment…)
This should identify `versionadded`:

```suggestion
.. django-admin-option:: --using ALIAS

.. versionadded:: 6.2

Specifies the :setting:`MAILERS` alias to use for sending the test email to
the recipients given as arguments. Defaults to the ``"default"`` mailer.
```

    django-admin sendtestemail foo@example.com bar@example.com

.. django-admin-option:: --using ALIAS

> .. versionadded:: 6.2

Reviewer 2: I understood, from the ticket, that we were adding this to 6.1 as a cleanup. Is there a reason not to have 6.1 here?

Reviewer: Agreed, it should be 6.1 if this can be backported. (And I think it can.)
